Add basic tutorial for HelpCommand. (#2017)
Rapptz/discord.py: docs/ext/commands/help.rst

.. currentmodule:: discord

.. _ext_commands_help:

Help Commands
=================

The simplicity of :class:`~.commands.HelpCommand` allows you to customise

> your experience very easily.

Reviewer: This sentence seems like it belongs somewhere explaining how to do custom commands. Which... this does not do. Probably re-order the entire structure. To something like this:

1. Using The Help Command
    - Probably talk about the interface of the actual help command
      show examples etc
    - Talk about the sending help with ctx here
2. Replacing The Help Command
    - Talk about how you can set `bot.help_command`
        - This would be a good time to show `commands.MinimalHelpCommand`
    - Talk about how you can do `bot.help_command.cog = ...`
3. Writing A Help Command
    - Talk about the steps to write your own custom help
    - Describe all of the member functions required to make a help command and walk through the steps together

This is what I had in mind as a rough idea. Documentation of prose pages requires planning and working with flow so the contents are coherent instead of random paragraphs.

> your experience really easily.

Reviewer 2: Could `really` be changed to `very` at any chance?

Sending Help
---------------

> You may want to send help if the user doesn't use your command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may want to send help if the user doesn't use a command
```

> right. Here is an example of what you can do:

Reviewer 2: `right` -> `correctly`?

> correctly. Here is an example of what you can do:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
correctly. Here is an example of how to do this:
```

.. code-block:: python3
    :caption: sos.py
    :emphasize-lines: 8, 10

    from discord.ext import commands 

>     @commands.command()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    @bot.command()
```

This is consistent with the rest of the commands documentation with bare command examples.

    async def sos(ctx, what: str=None):
        """Send Help!"""
        if not what:

>             return await ctx.send_help('sos')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            return await ctx.send_help(sos)
```

You probably want to show off this form first. Then later on explain that if you want you can also pass strings.

>         await ctx.send(f'Sending help for {what}!')

Reviewer 2: Remember that Python 3.5 is still supported by this library and does not support f-strings.

        await ctx.send_help(what)

>     def setup(bot):

Reviewer: It doesn't really make sense for this to be an extension.

        bot.add_command(sos)

> Custom HelpCommand

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom Help Commands
```

Human language is probably better here.

Both of these methods follow this simple method:

Providing a form of :class:`~.commands.HelpCommand` as the
`help_command` kwarg for :class:`~.commands.Bot`.

.. code-block:: python3
    :caption: mini_help_bot.py
    :emphasize-lines: 5

    from discord.ext import commands

    description = '''Hey! I am your local test bot.'''
    bot = commands.Bot(command_prefix='!', description=description,
                       help_command=commands.MinimalHelpCommand())

Subclassing it is as easy as pie, you can modify any exposed parts
of the system and it should work fine.

Here is an example of what you are able to do by subclassing
:class:`~.commands.MinimalHelpCommand`:

.. code-block:: python3
    :caption: roo_ez.py

    from discord.ext import commands

    class MyHelp(commands.MinimalHelpCommand):
        def __init__(self):
            super().__init__(no_category='Misc')

        def add_bot_commands_formatting(self, commands, heading):
            if commands:
                joined = ', '.join('`{0}`'.format(c.name) for c in commands)
                self.paginator.add_line('Category: [__**%s**__]' % heading)
                self.paginator.add_line(joined)

>     description = '''rooEZ'''

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    description = """rooEZ"""
```

Triple quote should always be " as per PEP-8.
